What are three things you can do in order to speed up a website's load time?
(Enumere tres cosas que se pueden hacer para aumentarle la velocidad a una pagina web) (20pts)

to speed up the website
-  optimize img
-inline file
- compression
- lower a number of the things requested

Go to the Google PageSpeed insights page and analyze www.carnival.com Choose three of the shortcomings this website has and explain the specific tools and workflows we discussed in class which could help this website address these shortcomings.
(Dirijase a la herramienta Google PageSpeed Insights y analice el sitio www.carnival.com.
Basado en lo que dice la herramienta, enumere tres medidas especificas que discutimos en clase para corregir tres de los problemas senalados por la herramienta PageSpeed Insights)(20pts)


1-Optimize Images optimizing images can often yield some of the largest byte savings and performance improvements
Finding the optimal format and optimization strategy for your image assets requires careful analysis across many dimensions: type of data being encoded, image format capabilities, quality settings, resolution, and more. In addition,
you need to consider whether some images are best served in a vector format, if the desired effects can be achieved via CSS, and how to deliver appropriately scaled assets for each type of device.
a great tool to use  for  the compressing img  is https://tinypng.com/
this tools TinyPNG uses smart lossy compression techniques to reduce the file size of your PNG files. By selectively decreasing the number of colors in the image, fewer bytes are required to store the data.
The effect is nearly invisible but it makes a very large difference in file size!



2-another problem of the carnival website es Eliminate render-blocking JavaScript
You should avoid and minimize the use of blocking JavaScript, especially external scripts that must be fetched before they can be executed.
 Scripts that are necessary to render page content can be inlined to avoid extra network requests, however the inlined content needs to be small and must execute quickly to deliver good performance.
Scripts that are not critical to initial render should be made asynchronous or deferred until after the first render.
Make JavaScript Asynchronous example <script async src="my.js">

Defer loading of JavaScript



3- Optimize  CSS delivery
 in above-the-fold content
 a smart way to fix this problem is to
Optimize CSS Delivery  is the CSS resources are small, you can insert those directly into the HTML document, which is called inlining.
In the case of a large CSS file, you will need to identify and inline the CSS necessary for rendering the above-the-fold content and defer loading the remaining styles until after the above-the-fold content.and never inline large data URIs because
cause the size of your above-the-fold CSS to be larger, which will slow down page render time,, or CSS attributes because often leads to unnecessary code duplication.
